com/example/ulide2/databinding/ActivityCreateSpotsMenuBinding.java
 com.example.ulide2.databinding.ActivityCreateSpotsMenuBinding
com/example/ulide2/downloads/JSONArrayDownloader.java
 com.example.ulide2.downloads.JSONArrayDownloader
com/example/ulide2/MyProfileMenu.java
 com.example.ulide2.MyProfileMenu
com/example/ulide2/downloads/DownloadTask.java
 com.example.ulide2.downloads.DownloadTask
com/example/ulide2/CreateSpotsMenu.java
 com.example.ulide2.CreateSpotsMenu
com/example/ulide2/databinding/ActivityMainMenuBinding.java
 com.example.ulide2.databinding.ActivityMainMenuBinding
com/example/ulide2/databinding/ActivityRoutesMenuBinding.java
 com.example.ulide2.databinding.ActivityRoutesMenuBinding
com/example/ulide2/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.ulide2.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/ulide2/TestActivity/Spiners.java
 com.example.ulide2.TestActivity.Spiners
 com.example.ulide2.TestActivity.Spiners$1
com/example/ulide2/downloads/MyProfileDownloads.java
 com.example.ulide2.downloads.MyProfileDownloads
com/example/ulide2/databinding/ActivitySpotInfoMenuBinding.java
 com.example.ulide2.databinding.ActivitySpotInfoMenuBinding
com/example/ulide2/downloads/CreatSpotsDownloads.java
 com.example.ulide2.downloads.CreatSpotsDownloads
com/example/ulide2/downloads/JSONObjDownloader.java
 com.example.ulide2.downloads.JSONObjDownloader
com/example/ulide2/databinding/ActivityMyProfileMenuBinding.java
 com.example.ulide2.databinding.ActivityMyProfileMenuBinding
com/example/ulide2/downloads/RoutesDownloads.java
 com.example.ulide2.downloads.RoutesDownloads
com/example/ulide2/databinding/ActivitySpotsMenuBinding.java
 com.example.ulide2.databinding.ActivitySpotsMenuBinding
com/example/ulide2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.ulide2.BuildConfig
com/example/ulide2/SpotInfoMenu.java
 com.example.ulide2.SpotInfoMenu
com/example/ulide2/databinding/ActivitySpinersBinding.java
 com.example.ulide2.databinding.ActivitySpinersBinding
com/example/ulide2/SpotsMenu.java
 com.example.ulide2.SpotsMenu
 com.example.ulide2.SpotsMenu$1
com/example/ulide2/MainActivity.java
 com.example.ulide2.MainActivity
com/example/ulide2/MainMenu.java
 com.example.ulide2.MainMenu
com/example/ulide2/RoutesMenu.java
 com.example.ulide2.RoutesMenu
 com.example.ulide2.RoutesMenu$1
